leblon
josé da yorn now it's time to cry
I had a friend who talks about goias
she went to meet são paulo corner
Here comes the aip fil in lisboa
this decision of mauro mendonça miranda e
Ricardo will not play either, I said there.
Go ahead fast, I'll tell you what.
It's for me, that's it, ask for an ipad and ipad
was put here my bound to face
strong now give to game halo
It may even have been shot
thought will divert the church and the
church sent in English diverted back
and we talk to the country but it's our
We will also launch non-partners
relat not need to come here we are
very worthwhile
the catapult is not what we could
do bring on average
Wow
here is what's left
I was going to go to the kids that are
with this team I will put it is apae
oh look there
those chats missed haiti now
Come on, the cala, I got there.
in the power of thought
Accept the good god, I'll give you one.
boom is that I was chosen looks like it
red lava
I smoked and my uncle was the one who is ours.
and whoever wants it soon will not
I'm there, there 's who's going to receive it
It is also clear our work, right?
military cause
I 'm a book
the u1 bottleneck
the question
ayman nour who said he is going
improve now will play soccer league
neighborhood is to give my most exalted neighborhood
I'll leave your coin so we can
saw and the load
i smoked it at night kaka though
charles there in the afternoon together kisho yano do
Dragon
here I did not want to enter or exit is not
Wow
it's just you
the delegate speaks almost to address the
paa more money da gávea
ai ai ai ai ai and in the neighborhood it's time
or leaned against breast network train helpful
on a crazy piranha button
shock in the slab also aas
the judge jamil saib dariana boy's trip
she appeared the sambou party in my
sambo